To include I compiled a JavaScript or txt file, you can use that as a helper first, make sure you
have our only layout file.
Open the ablate be.
For stylesheets, use the link tag.
For the JavaScript, the script tag.
The path to the file should be relative to the public folder in your project.
So first, with the stylesheets we are using the asset helper and the relative path is CSA slash up
access.
And for the script.
It is just slash up, James.
Make sure you the defer attributes to the script tag so the browser won't wait until the JavaScript
is passed to render the page.
After this simple change, let's check how the page looks like in the browser.
We should immediately see a slight change in styling, and it's due to their bootstraps versus framework
now being loaded and used.